
# Table of Contents

1.  [2024](#org2795c73)
    1.  [2024-01 January](#orgad49f49)
        1.  [2024-01-08 Monday](#org3ee7b2a)
        2.  [2024-01-11 Thursday](#orgfe2326e)
        3.  [2024-01-12 Friday](#orgc6220b0)
        4.  [2024-01-17 Wednesday](#orgc82c6fd)
        5.  [2024-01-19 Friday](#org244ef37)
        6.  [2024-01-22 Monday](#org372aa8f)
    2.  [2024-04 April](#orgda85775)
        1.  [2024-04-30 Tuesday](#org1812d88)
    3.  [2024-05 May](#org25056b2)
        1.  [2024-05-13 Monday](#org9f62632)



<a id="org2795c73"></a>

# 2024


<a id="orgad49f49"></a>

## 2024-01 January


<a id="org3ee7b2a"></a>

### 2024-01-08 Monday

1.  Jason Groeninger

    1.  Check-in and Response to emailed Q&A
    
        -   Quick Teams review with JG about my tasks.
        -   SC: I was concerned about NOV project not looking like much traction.
            -   JG: that was fine, ball in customers court, not to worry
        -   SC: suggested some additional jira tasks.  Still need more familiarity with tools and products.
            talked about pwm control work I had done using the 4CT.  Shared confusion over I/O configuration
            practices and approaches.
            -   JG: understood.
        -   SC: had sent a list of I/O configurations questions prior Friday for JG to review
            -   JG: answered the I/O questions, discussion turned to some unanswered I/O questions.
                Suggested making a new Jira task for exploring I/O configuration workflow comparison
                between HALC methods and BIOS methods.
        -   SC: agreed.  Call
        
        1.  DONE Next Action
        
            -   [X] Make new Jira task for gen 3 (HALC enabled) to test HALC and BIOS methods of I/O config.
            
            Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-01-08 Mon 10:09]</span></span>


<a id="orgfe2326e"></a>

### 2024-01-11 Thursday

1.  Andres Rojas

    1.  NOV inquiry
    
        -   AR: Contacted SC and asked for update on NOV project ENGPO-783
            -   SC responed that nothing new has happened, waiting on customer.
                shared that customer estimated it would be into January before they knew more
        -   AR asked for further update / review and to be updated next day
            -   SC agreed, contacted LW via teams same day to review project.
        -   SC added new subject of willingness to stay in ATL for longer stays
            in order to either deepen team building, work on a co-op STW project, or
            be available for something similar.  Suggested doubling or tripling up in
            shared lodging (VRBO / Air bnb) with other E team members, ie KB & ZD.
        
        1.  DONE Next Action(s)
        
            -   [X] Contact Luke & review project
            -   [X] respond to AR by mid day Friday.


<a id="orgc6220b0"></a>

### 2024-01-12 Friday

1.  Luke Weninger

    1.  Checking on NOV Project
    
        -   asked about next steps
            -   responded that we're waiting for NOV to gauge interest from their customer.
        -   agreed, asked Luke's opinion on how much time we should wait till we ping them.
            also confirmed who NOV contact is that would have that input, sounds like Eric Conn.
            -   L responded that he had pinged Eric before the break, and that would ping him again today.
        
        Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-01-12 Fri 06:57]</span></span>

2.  Andres Rojas / TEAMS

    1.  Continuation of Thur convo
    
        -   SC returning call from Thursday, updating AR on NOV project.
        
        Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-01-12 Fri 07:49]</span></span>


<a id="orgc82c6fd"></a>

### 2024-01-17 Wednesday

1.  Jason Groeninger, Zac Dawson, Chuck McPherson, Andrew Luthen, Mike Carney, SC

    1.  Quality Hydraulics QnA IOXP -> 4CT conversions
    
        -   JG reviewed purposed of call, handed over to AL to describe needs
        -   AL looking for guidance, correct tool chain, for converting existing IOXP IEC code to LogiCAD
        -   JG reviewed basic process, tools, logicad version, pro's con's of C v. IEC, and basic expectations of process.
        -   CM suggested MC place order for an initial 4CT to have as a go-by, MC agreed.
        
        1.  DONE Next action(s) <code>[2/2]</code>
        
            -   [X] JG will get AL correct TSP and confirm logicad installation version required.
            -   [X] MC will order an initial, suitable variant, 4CT to work with.
            
            Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-01-17 Wed 07:29]</span></span>

2.  Andres Rojas, Jason Goeninger, SGC, Tiffany Ghonert

    1.  J1939 Plugin in Review 2
    
        -   AR gave quick summary intro, handed over to TG
        -   TG explained the existing roadmap and where we are currently on it
        -   AR illustrated ways SC can be utilized in the project
        -   JG said we'll back log the two existing Jira tasks of SC and prioritize the J1939 one
        -   TG illustrated anticipated tasks for SC and laid out next steps: Onboarding
        
        1.  DONE Next Actions <code>[5/5]</code>
        
            -   [X] Download QT
            -   [X] Install correct compiler
            -   [X] Download and install OpenSource QT tool
            -   [X] Clone the github repo for J1939 project
            -   [X] Report back to TG when QT is intalled.
            
            Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-01-17 Wed 14:04]</span></span>


<a id="org244ef37"></a>

### 2024-01-19 Friday

1.  Silas Curfman, Jason Groeninger, Luke Weninger

    1.  Plan next steps re: NOV response
    
        -   JG reviewed NRE alternative approach; possibility of buying engineering time by the hr rather than an end-to-end project and capping out at customer limit of ~$12K.
        -   LW suggested keeping a project based bid approach, best preserves perceived value of engineering team time going forward.
        -   JG suggested bid for end-to-end project could be different if not required to preserve existing customer code and structure.  Without committing to a specific difference in value.  Advantage would be that it at least would give the customer an option to consider, giving them some agency in the next response.
        -   LW proposed responding to NOV with STW staying firm on original SOW / quote as written; but also inquiring if NOV would like to explore the message conversion project without the constraint of preserving existing customer code.
        
        1.  DONE Next Actions <code>[1/1]</code>
        
            -   [X] Follow up with LW after next mondays call
            
            Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-01-19 Fri 12:31]</span></span>


<a id="org372aa8f"></a>

### 2024-01-22 Monday


<a id="orgda85775"></a>

## 2024-04 April


<a id="org1812d88"></a>

### 2024-04-30 Tuesday

1.  Silas Curfman, Jason Sheehan

    Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-04-30 Tue 08:50]</span></span>
    
    1.  ISOBUS experiences with Jason Sheehan, J&K Dairy S'side Wa
    
        -   SC what have JS's general experiences been with using ISOBUS as a dairy operator
            -   JS using isobus on multiple tractors, multiple brands.  Primarily John Deere, but also Fendt
                -   relatively new to isobus, previously more used to proprietery attachments
                -   very happy so far with universality of isobos attachments.
                -   very few painpoints if any.  quoted "I now spend more time tuning my screen menus than learning to operate the attachments" a good thing.
                -   makes purchases much easier to compare, less leg work confirming compatability among devices
                -   really likes customizable UI through adding menus / profiles to his "GPS"
                -   "GPS" is means his main operator screen.  Operators are most used to the primary UI in the tractor being for GPS purposes, so they simply revert to calling the main ui "The GPS"
        -   SC any specifics about how he uses it?
            -   Mixing and matching tractor to off brand attachments, multiple attachments, etc
            -   Earliest equipment that utilized isobus (that he owns) mostly just poached the +/- 12vdc power wires.
            -   As time went on, attachment MFG's / OEM's started utilizing more and more of the bus for control of their devices.
            -   Biggest thing he does is to configure "profiles" for combinations of tractor / attachment based on how he's going to use the system
                -   e.g. "Cutting - Hay" , "Spraying", "Planting - xRows", etc.
                -   his goal is to get the most utility out of any one piece of equipemnt, so universal control and connection is fundamental to that.
        -   JS asked about STW, what we make, what we do
            -   Gave brief background on STW, products, and services.
            -   JS was interested / encouraged by STW focus on "freely programmable" / "open source" approach
            -   JS asked if STW ever takes on interns, has a son in college for BSME.
    
    2.  TODO NEXT ACTIONS <code>[0/3]</code>
    
        -   [ ] JS invited SC to ride along next week either planting, cutting, or spraying to observe isobus VT usage.  Accepted, need to call back Friday.
        -   [ ] JS inquired about future internship / application for college son.  SC agreed to check if STW does internships.
        -   [ ] SC invited JS's son to see STW work from home lab.  Accepted.  Touch base on Friday.


<a id="org25056b2"></a>

## 2024-05 May


<a id="org9f62632"></a>

### 2024-05-13 Monday

1.  Tiffany Gohnert, Andres Rojas, Jason Groeninger, Joe Stephenson, Silas Curfman

    1.  J1939 Plugin Meeting
    
        -   Review of Plugin Status
        -   TG, gave current review
        -   AR, reogranized Jira to track multi Release
        -   TG, gave forecast going through 2024-06-18, Release 3.
            -   discussed current testing feedback on R2
            -   need more testers, either customers / R&D staff / Sales Team / all of above?
        -   AR reviewed resources for next sprint
        -   TG suggested work for SC if bandwidth available.
        -   SC asked about what stage a functional hardware model would be needed
    
    2.  TODO NEXT ACTIONS <code>[/]</code>
    
        -   [ ] SC to review new project load and reply to TG with availability
        
        Call Details <span class="timestamp-wrapper"><span class="timestamp">[2024-05-13 Mon 13:06]</span></span>

